<!-- first Question -->
const testObject = { name: 'Bruce Wayne', age: 36, location: 'Gotham' };
 // use this object to test your functions// Complete the following underscore functions.// Reference http://underscorejs.org/ 
 for examples.function keys(obj) {  // Retrieve all the names of the object's properties.  // Return the keys as strings in an array.  // Based on http://underscorejs.org/#keys}
 function values(obj) {  // Return all of the values of the object's own properties.  // Ignore functions  // http://underscorejs.org/#values}
 function mapObject(obj, cb) {  // Like map for arrays, but for objects. Transform the value of each property in turn by passing it to the callback function.  // http://underscorejs.org/#mapObject}
 function pairs(obj) {  // Convert an object into a list of [key, value] pairs.  // http://underscorejs.org/#pairs}/* STRETCH PROBLEMS */
 function invert(obj) {  // Returns a copy of the object where the keys have become the values and the values the keys.  // Assume that all of the object's values will be unique and string serializable.  // http://underscorejs.org/#invert}
 function defaults(obj, defaultProps) {  // Fill in undefined properties that match properties on the `defaultProps` parameter object.  // Return `obj`.  // http://underscorejs.org/#defaults}




<!-- second Question -->
const items = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 5]; // use this array to test your code. /*  Complete the following functions.  These functions only need to work with arrays.  A few of these functions mimic the behavior of the `Built` in JavaScript Array Methods.  The idea here is to recreate the functions from scratch BUT if you'd like,  feel free to Re-use any of your functions you build within your other functions.  **DONT** Use for example. .forEach() to recreate each, and .map() to recreate map etc.  You CAN use concat, push, pop, etc. but do not use the exact method that you are replicating*/function each(elements, cb) {  // Do NOT use forEach to complete this function.  // Iterates over a list of elements, yielding each in turn to the `cb` function.  // This only needs to work with arrays.  // You should also pass the index into `cb` as the second argument  // based off http://underscorejs.org/#each}function map(elements, cb) {  // Do NOT use .map, to complete this function.  // How map works: Map calls a provided callback function once for each element in an array, in order, and functionructs a new array from the res .  // Produces a new array of values by mapping each value in list through a transformation function (iteratee).  // Return the new array.}function reduce(elements, cb, startingValue) {  // Do NOT use .reduce to complete this function.  // How reduce works: A reduce function combines all elements into a single value going from left to right.  // Elements will be passed one by one into `cb` along with the `startingValue`.  // `startingValue` should be the first argument passed to `cb` and the array element should be the second argument.  // `startingValue` is the starting value.  If `startingValue` is undefined then make `elements[0]` the initial value.}function find(elements, cb) {  // Do NOT use .includes, to complete this function.  // Look through each value in `elements` and pass each element to `cb`.  // If `cb` returns `true` then return that element.  // Return `undefined` if no elements pass the truth test.}function filter(elements, cb) {  // Do NOT use .filter, to complete this function.  // Similar to `find` but you will return an array of all elements that passed the truth test  // Return an empty array if no elements pass the truth test}const nestedArray = [1, [2], [[3]], [[[4]]]]; // use this to test 'flatten'function flatten(elements) {  // Flattens a nested array (the nesting can be to any depth).  // Hint: You can solve this using recursion.  // Example: flatten([1, [2], [3, [[4]]]]); => [1, 2, 3, 4];}
do the needful changes as per review by SkillBridge
